Adding Endpoint command and outputs to Endpoint integrations (#12023)
demisto/content: Packs/Carbon_Black_Enterprise_Response/ReleaseNotes/1_1_6.md

#### Integrations
##### VMware Carbon Black EDR

> - Added the command ***Endpoint***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***Endpoint*** command.
```

> - Added *Endpoint* context output to ***cb-sensor-info*** coommand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added *Endpoint* context output to the ***cb-sensor-info*** command.
```
